OIDC: Use client secret for authorization code flow (#15706)
canonical/lxd: doc/authentication.md

The identity provider might also provide a refresh token.
In this case, the LXD client uses this refresh token to attempt to retrieve another access token when the current access token has expired.

```{warning}

> Only set `oidc.client.secret` if required by the Identity Provider. Once set, this key allows only the LXD UI client to authenticate, blocking CLI clients.

Author: Updated to:
```
Only set `oidc.client.secret` if required by the Identity Provider. Once set, this key allows the LXD UI client to authenticate.
However, the secret is not shared with other LXD clients (such as the LXD CLI).
```

The identity provider might also provide a refresh token.
In this case, the LXD client uses this refresh token to attempt to retrieve another access token when the current access token has expired.

```{warning}

> The `oidc.client.secret` key should only be set if required by the Identity Provider. Setting this key will prevent CLI clients from authenticating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only set  `oidc.client.secret` if required by the Identity Provider. Once set, this key allows only the LXD UI client to authenticate, blocking CLI clients.
```

> Only LXD UI clients will be able to authenticate if this key is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
